the thigh up and beauty and welcome to
another video where I came to bring
here's a tutorial from the maine plugin
reset light is a plugin of my generation
automatic
Let's think there's some here.
feature club
here it is and 1.4 1.6 has 3 thousand downloads
in a demoted club is not so downloaded
but it is downloaded is very easy to use will
get to download and just do not have many
they are allowed because usually those who use
this club will be the app to create your
girls there is very good to attack and crp
bp
So you're going to have a lot to talk about.
so let's go to the tutorial
open that the proposed public square
flowers
from now on will open serve no
It's here opening for now that I
I will return here in the closed left the
group tab from here on the commands leave the
part of ita commands
Jeez online abreu craft here to get pro
side
The fight that my account
single multiplayer once realizes of
April has already opened and
Password hides as usual
I played to not have many pms in case like
said I'll make a mine there in case
hole that is not too big
to make it bigger there may be
totally, if you want, you 'll score it with
buttons that are at the highest point and
right button will mark the
low
scored two points you will write
bar is mrl create and the girl's name
which in case here will be tutorial clicked
and soon she will see ml 7
There you will give the block number the mine.
the girl who's tutorial here in case the
number in the case of coffee
put here to put a 5 percent
for good it is quite 5% is for this task
daily but ended up putting only the iron
tutorial and get too big for
put how many bocó all kinds you
want to if you put the owners
for example, it's iron 7 4% you want
the more stone you will see gold you will be
You choose to leave now and go from here.
same command difference to change
this here to another block of stone
ninety-five percent to fill out
everything to operate before doing this I will
show you here to give a
barrier is reset tutorial you see the
block out already appeared here now you
will write bar mrl reset mine
love that in the case of the tutorial
I'll put it here and get one foot on it.
the whole sorry we lost where's
Here seven command if you put on a headdress
95%, which in the case of 57 95 would
everything with the stone will give emmy a mrl
reset forget to put mine name
then I forgot soccer tutorial ae
Ready has already resulted in the case as it is
small
today for the blocks here
You've been digging here you'll find
more blocks
I think they think mountain here provoke -
so depending on that, people liked it
it's a like
if you like it enough there is new favorite if
sign up
and that's it, that's it